README.md, before:

# 📚 My journey with books

Welcome to my personal repository where I document my journey of reading books related to machine learning, deep learning, data structures, and other topics in the field. This repository serves as a platform for me to upload my work, including exercises, notes, and any other related materials as I progress through my studies.

## 📖 Books

Here's a list of the books I've been reading and studying:

1. **"Another repo: [Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow](https://github.com/moatasem75291/LinkedIn-Articles/tree/main/Books/Hands%20on%20Machie%20Learning/Hands%20on%20Machie%20Learning)"** by Aurélien Géron.
2. **"Data Structures and Algorithms in Python"** by Michael T. Goodrich, Roberto Tamassia, and Michael H. Goldwasser.
3. **"Machine Learning with PyTorch and Scikit-Learn"** by Sebastian Raschka, Yuxi (Hayden) Liu, and Vahid Mirjalili

## 📝 Notes

In this section, I keep my notes, summaries, and key takeaways from each chapter of the books I read.


## 📚 Exercises

This section contains solutions to the exercises provided at the end of each chapter in the books I'm studying. I find solving these exercises to be an essential part of my learning process, and I'm happy to share my solutions with you.

## 🚀 Conclusion

Thank you for visiting my repository and joining me on this learning journey. Happy learning! 🌟📚💡

Commit message:

First 3 chapters in Automate the Boring stuff book

README.md, after:

# 📚 My journey with books

Welcome to my personal repository where I document my journey of reading books related to machine learning, deep learning, data structures, and other topics in the field. This repository serves as a platform for me to upload my work, including exercises, notes, and any other related materials as I progress through my studies.

## 📖 Books

Here's a list of the books I've been reading and studying:

1. **"Another repo: [Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow](https://github.com/moatasem75291/LinkedIn-Articles/tree/main/Books/Hands%20on%20Machie%20Learning/Hands%20on%20Machie%20Learning)"** by Aurélien Géron.
2. **"Data Structures and Algorithms in Python"** by Michael T. Goodrich, Roberto Tamassia, and Michael H. Goldwasser.
3. **"Machine Learning with PyTorch and Scikit-Learn"** by Sebastian Raschka, Yuxi (Hayden) Liu, and Vahid Mirjalili
4. **"Automate the boring stuff with python"** by Al sweigart.

## 📝 Notes

In this section, I keep my notes, summaries, and key takeaways from each chapter of the books I read.

## 📚 Exercises

This section contains solutions to the exercises provided at the end of each chapter in the books I'm studying. I find solving these exercises to be an essential part of my learning process, and I'm happy to share my solutions with you.

## 🚀 Conclusion

Thank you for visiting my repository and joining me on this learning journey. Happy learning! 🌟📚💡
